Release note .net provider 8.5.0-preview (#1110)
Azure/AppConfiguration: releaseNotes/MicrosoftExtensionsConfigurationAzureAppConfiguration.md

# Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.AzureAppConfiguration
[Source code][source_code] | [Package (NuGet)][package]

## 8.5.0-preview - November 14th, 2025
### Enhancements

> * Added a new method `ConnectAzureFrontDoor` to `AzureAppConfigurationOptions`, which can be used to load configuration settings from Azure App Configuration via an Azure Front Door endpoint. This enables client (browser) applications to take advantage of CDN benefits, such as scale, when fetching configuration. [#706](https://github.com/Azure/AppConfiguration-DotnetProvider/pull/706)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new method `ConnectAzureFrontDoor` to `AzureAppConfigurationOptions`, which can be used to load configuration settings from Azure App Configuration via an Azure Front Door endpoint. This enables client-side applications (like mobile/desktop apps) to securely load configuration from App Config service, while leveraging all the benefits of CDN. [#706](https://github.com/Azure/AppConfiguration-DotnetProvider/pull/706)
```
